Add support of Orange Pi3 board (#293)
lf-edge/edge-home-orchestration-go: docs/platforms/orange_pi3/orange_pi3.md

# Edge Orchestration on Orange Pi 3

[![Orange Pi 3](orange_pi3.jpg)](http://www.orangepi.org/Orange%20Pi%203/)

## Preparing Orange Pi 3 board

#### 1. Creating an image and writing Orangepi on a SD card
1. Download Ubuntu image for Orange Pi 3 from (http://www.orangepi.org/downloadresources/).
2. To install the Orangepi operating system follow the [instructions](http://www.orangepi.org/Docs/SDcardinstallation.html).

> SD card must be at least 16 Gb

#### 2. Start Orange Pi 3

Insert the SD card into the Orange Pi 3 and turn on the power. Make configuration settings for the Orange the first time you turn it on.

---

## Quick start
This section provides how to download and run pre-built Docker image without building the project.

> > TBD

Reviewer: Better to indicate how initiate the starting point here to build up the HomeEdge on OrangePi. Any idea on this?

---

## How to build
There are two options for building a edge-orchestration container:
1. On your PC and downloading the edge-orchestration container image from the `edge-orchestration.tar` archive (recommended).
2. Build directly on the Orange Pi 3 board.
### 1. Using your PC

Prerequisites: install the qemu packages
```shell
$ sudo apt-get install qemu binfmt-support qemu-user-static
```

Run the `./build.sh` script and specify the build parameters - `container`,  architecture - `arm64`  (in the case of building in protected mode, add `secure`), see examples below:
```shell
$ ./build.sh container arm64
```
or for protected mode:
```shell
$ ./build.sh container secure arm64
```
the build result will be `edge-orchestration.tar` archive that can be found `bin/edge-orchestration.tar`

> Next, need to copy `edge-orchestration.tar` archive to the Paspberry Pi 3 board, install the docker container (see [here](../x86_64_linux/x86_64_linux.md#Build-Prerequisites) only docker part) and load the image using the command:

Reviewer 2: Please fix a typo error.
```suggestion
Next, need to copy `edge-orchestration.tar` archive to the Orange Pi3 board, install the docker container (see [here](../x86_64_linux/x86_64_linux.md#Build-Prerequisites) only docker part) and load the image using the command:
```

> Next, need to copy `edge-orchestration.tar` archive to the Paspberry Pi 3 board, install the docker container (see [here](../x86_64_linux/x86_64_linux.md#Build-Prerequisites) only docker part) and load the image using the command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, need to copy `edge-orchestration.tar` archive to the Raspberry Pi 3 board, install the docker container (see [here](../x86_64_linux/x86_64_linux.md#Build-Prerequisites) only docker part) and load the image using the command:
```

Author: Fixed, Thanks for you comment
